Translation corrections (#509)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_012.txt

	OutputLine(NULL, "自分は、判断を誤らなかったはずだ。そして佳織も、死なずに済んだのだ、と…。",
			NULL, "Then I wouldn't have made the wrong decision, and Kaori wouldn't have died...", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそれをきっかけに、…いっとき私は、今では考えられないほど荒みきった心の憂さを晴らそうと、…傲慢な態度と振る舞いを周囲に働いたりもした。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それをきっかけに、…いっとき私は、今では考えられないほど荒みきった心の憂さを晴らそうと、…傲慢な態度と振る舞いを周囲に働いたりもした。",
			NULL, "Thanks to that... I lashed out with selfish behavior around me for a while to clear up the melancholy in my raging heart... Rage I could hardly believe looking back on it now.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rわがままで暴虐な、院長令嬢。…それが、当時の私だ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "わがままで暴虐な、院長令嬢。…それが、当時の私だ。",
			NULL, "The arrogant and cruel daughter of the hospital director. ...That's who I was back then.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rこんな不条理を自分に突きつけた世界と、運命が、心の底から憎くて、忌まわしくて、鬱陶しくて…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "こんな不条理を自分に突きつけた世界と、運命が、心の底から憎くて、忌まわしくて、鬱陶しくて…。",

> 			NULL, "From the bottom of my heart, I believed that this absurd world and fate was miserable, detestable, and depressing...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "From the bottom of my heart, I believed that this absurd world and this fate were miserable, detestable, and depressing...", Line_Normal);
```

//rあの子を不幸に追い込んだのは、紛れもない友達の私なんだ…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "あの子を不幸に追い込んだのは、紛れもない友達の私なんだ…。",

> 			NULL, "It was unmistakably I, her friend, who drove her into that misery...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It was unmistakably me, her friend, who drove her into that misery...", Line_Normal);
```

//rもちろん、それはひょっとしたら、とんでもない自惚れなのかもしれない。…だけど、それでもまだ友達として『足りない』のだとしたら、いったい私に何が欠けていたんだろう？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "もちろん、それはひょっとしたら、とんでもない自惚れなのかもしれない。…だけど、それでもまだ友達として『足りない』のだとしたら、いったい私に何が欠けていたんだろう？",

> 			NULL, "Of course, perhaps I was being ridiculously conceited to think that. ...Still, if I was <i>lacking</i> something as a friend, then what in the world was it?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Of course, it might be ridiculously conceited of me to think that. ...Still, if I was <i>lacking</i> something as a friend, then what in the world was it?", Line_Normal);
```

//r夏美が、憎しみを抱いているもの。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "夏美が、憎しみを抱いているもの。",
			NULL, "Natsumi felt animosity.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそれは、彼女に雛見沢という枷と咎を与えた、彼女の家族。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それは、彼女に雛見沢という枷と咎を与えた、彼女の家族。",

> 			NULL, "For her family, who gave her the shackles and sin known as Hinamizawa.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "For her family, who gave her the shackles and the sin known as Hinamizawa.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100534", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…どうしたの？",
			NULL, "\"...What's wrong?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100535", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　逃げないの？",

> 			NULL, " Are you not going to run away?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Aren't you going to run away?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100536", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　助けを呼ばないの？」",

> 			NULL, " Are you not going to call for help?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Aren't you going to call for help?\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"...You don't look surprised.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100538", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "ワタシが千紗登ちゃんを殺しに来たこと。",
			NULL, " That I've come here to kill you, I mean.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100539", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "じゃあ、…理由、わかってるんだよね？」",
			NULL, " Then... I assume you know why?\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//千紗登rvS08/37/320300343.「…あんたを、そこまで追い込んだ責任の一端は感じてるよ。kvS08/37/320300344.だから殺されることに納得はいかないけど、理解はできる」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s08/37/320300343", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…あんたを、そこまで追い込んだ責任の一端は感じてるよ。",
			NULL, "\"...I feel partly responsible for driving you so far off the edge.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s08/37/320300344", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "だから殺されることに納得はいかないけど、理解はできる」",

> 			NULL, " So while I'm not okay with the idea of you killing me, I can understand why.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " So I'm not okay with the idea of you killing me, but I can understand why.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//千紗登rvS08/37/320300345.「…だけど、もし質問ＯＫなら、あんたは私を殺した後どうするのか、それだけは聞いておきたいね」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s08/37/320300345", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…だけど、もし質問ＯＫなら、あんたは私を殺した後どうするのか、それだけは聞いておきたいね」",

> 			NULL, "\"...However, if you'll allow me to ask you a question, just what are you planning to do after you kill me?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...However, if you'll allow me to ask, just what are you planning to do after you kill me?\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rだとしたら結局、…夏美の非難は筋違いということになるだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "だとしたら結局、…夏美の非難は筋違いということになるだろう。",
			NULL, "So, in the end... Natsumi's criticism was probably misplaced.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rただ、今の状況に追いやられた原因を何かに押し付けたいという、身勝手な考え方だ…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ただ、今の状況に追いやられた原因を何かに押し付けたいという、身勝手な考え方だ…。",

> 			NULL, "But she had a selfish mindset that wanted to push the blame for her current situation onto someone...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "But she had a selfish mindset, wanting to push the blame for her current situation onto someone...", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"...What's wrong?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100548", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　自分の罪の重さに声も出ない？",

> 			NULL, " Are you feeling so guilty you can't even talk?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Are you feeling so guilty you can't even speak?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s08/37/320300400", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　あんたの田舎じゃ、あうんの呼吸で思いが通じ合えるのかもしれないけどね、あいにく私は超能力者でも心理学者でもないんだ！」",
			NULL, "Maybe out in that country of yours, you can tell what everyone else is thinking through harmonizing, but unfortunately for you, I'm not an esper or a psychologist!\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//千紗登rvS08/37/320300401.「言葉にしてくれなきゃ伝わらないし、あんたの気持ちもさっぱりわかりゃしないんだよっ！！」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s08/37/320300401", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「言葉にしてくれなきゃ伝わらないし、あんたの気持ちもさっぱりわかりゃしないんだよっ！！」",
			NULL, "\"Unless you tell me directly how you feel, I'll never understand!!\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//千紗登rvS08/37/320300402.「そんなふうに甘え根性だから、あんたはいつまでたっても田舎者で、この町じゃよそ者扱いなんだ！！」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s08/37/320300402", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「そんなふうに甘え根性だから、あんたはいつまでたっても田舎者で、この町じゃよそ者扱いなんだ！！」",

> 			NULL, "\"It's because you always depend on others like that that you'll always be treated like a country bumpkin and an outsider in this town no matter how much time passes!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"It's because you always depend on others like that!! That's why you'll always be treated like a country bumpkin and an outsider in this town no matter how much time passes!!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rその衝撃でのけぞり目がくらんだ瞬間、夏美は私を突き飛ばす。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その衝撃でのけぞり目がくらんだ瞬間、夏美は私を突き飛ばす。",

> 			NULL, "Natsumi pushed me away in the moment I was dazed by that strike.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "In the moment I was dazed by that strike, Natsumi pushed me away.", Line_Normal);
```

//rそれは、自分に自信がないから、なんて単純な話じゃない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それは、自分に自信がないから、なんて単純な話じゃない。",

> 			NULL, "It couldn't simply dismissed as her having no self-confidence.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It couldn't simply be dismissed as her having no self-confidence.", Line_Normal);
```

//r優しく自分を包み込んでくれる、恋人のために。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "優しく自分を包み込んでくれる、恋人のために。",
			NULL, "For her lover who gently embraced her as she was.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r手を引いて、背中を押し続けてくれた、友人たちのために。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "手を引いて、背中を押し続けてくれた、友人たちのために。",

> 			NULL, "And for her friends who took her hand and had her back all the way.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And for her friends who took her hand and always had her back.", Line_Normal);
```
